The first one.
Ah, the first one.
Ye Xuan, are you practicing swordplay?
I'm thinking about the old saying
He means or says
You practiced before
It's not even a sword move for him
Only this sword can be trained into a real sword move
I don't know with this sword
Can you protect some people? Some people?
Who?
You and me
There are many more people in the world
Can't stand the substitution
Hey, didn't you think about it?
My grandfather was actually lying to you.
He didn't even teach you a single move
How could I not have thought about it?
But I have nothing.
What can you get by lying to me? You are so weird
If all this is false
What's the point of that?
My mother once told me
A lot of times people live for certain beliefs
Without hope and without faith
Can't be called a person
Just the walking dead
Meaning needs to be given by yourself
Besides, who says it's all fake?
It's not fake that I'm alive
Everything here is not fake and
You are not fake
Yo, that's disgusting.
Brother's words are reasonable
Going to hibernate
You're about to hibernate
Don't want me, I want to watch Ye Xuan practice swordplay